Chatter Box

1. [Look and feel] Placeholder = share an update.. with share button on the right side of chatter box
2. Has the ability to get input of text with alphabets.
3. Has the ability to get input of text with numbers.
4. Has the ability to get input of text with special characters.
5. Can use words with different laguages also tamil, malayalam, chinese.
6. There is no restriction of using of any vulnerable words.
7. Share button should be visible, only when there is any text in the chatter box.
8. Share button should not be visible, when there is no text in the chatter box.
9. We cannot go to next line by pointing curser to the next bottom line.
10. PgDn button cannot takes to go new line
11. Enter button be used to go to next line in the bottom 
12. It should go to next line, when the sentence wasn't completed in the first line itself.
13. When the last word in a line cannot be completed within line, It will move to next line with the letters of that word and will be completed in the next line.
14. We can navigate to words and lines using left and right arrow button 
15. We can navigate to words and lines using PgUp and PgDn button 
16. Right side scroll bar, when the lines are beyond 10.
17. Autocorrect is not availble.
18. Incorrect spelling will validates.
19. Grammer checking like grammerly is not available.
20. Autofill of a word is not available
21. Word suggestion related to our content is not available.
22. Text size editor to increase and decrease size of the word is not available
23. Input with rich text editor [Bold - Italic-Underline- strikethrough] can be used all at a time
24. Input with rich text editor [Bold - Italic - Underline - strikethrough] can be used separately as one by one.
25. The rich text editor [Bold - Italic - Underline - strikethrough] 'can be selected' and the user can write an update.
26. Or the user 'can edit their words' by selecting the word for their convinience with rich text editor [Bold - Italic - Underline - strikethrough] 
27. The rich text editor [Removeformatting] 'cannot be selected' and the user can write an update.
28. Or the user 'can remove the edit of their words' by selecting the word for their convinience with rich text editor [Removeformatting].
29. The rich text editor [Removeformatting] 'can be selected' in the listed content and the user can write an update - It will remove the bulleted or numbered list to normal.
30. The user can select editor and unselect 'with giving whitespaces' will also work.
31. The user can select editor and unselect 'without giving whitespaces' will also work.
32. In a between a single word by selecting the rich text editor- will not edit the past word it will work for words to be typed only after clicking the button.
33. The words can be selected to create a link.
34. The link option will active only when any of the word is selected.
35. The link option will inactive when any of the word is not selected.
36. The user can use and remove numbered list with their content.
37. The user can use and remove bulleted list with their content.
38. The user can use both numbered and bulleted list in the chatter box.
39. The user can change the numbered list to bulleted list by clicking bulleted list.
40. The user can change bulleted list to numbered list by clicking numbered list.
41. The user cannot select the two list at a time.
42. The user can select only one at a time.
43. Mentioning people and group, In this user can mention when there is a particular people or group is available,
44. It should suggest the username or profilename and the user can mention people or group .
45. It should suggest the username or profilename after giving atleast 'first two letter' of the particular username or profile 'case insensitve'
46. It should suggest the username or profilename after giving atleast 'first two letter' of the particular username or profile 'with case sensitive'
47. When the particular people or group is not available, it should have 'no result' and user cannot mention any customized people or group.
48. User can add image with the text,  by selecting the image available in the options 'owned by me, shared with me, recent and following' and insert.
49. And also by clicking upload image button can upload images in the system 
50. We can change the name of image by renaming the image to user preferences.
51. We can preview the image before adding
52.With this comment the user can attach files, By selecting the files available in the options 'owned by me, shared with me, recent and following' and insert.
53.  And also by clicking upload files button can upload files in the system and the files can have preview facilities based on user necessity.
54. We cannot change the name of files by renaming the image to user prefetrnces
55. The user can preview the file before adding.
56. If we didn't login into the page we cannot share our update.
57. If we didn't login into the page, we can only be able to search the comments in chatter box. 
58. If we didn't login into the page, It will show 'LoginIn to comment'.
59. We can able to copy and paste in the chatterbox.
60. We can able to copy and paste any languages [tamil, telugu] in the chatterbox.
61. The copying of anywords bigger or smaller than default size, will returns to default size of the chatter box.
62. But copying of bold letter, will remains bold of default size.
63. Copying of italic letter, will remains italic of default size.
64. Copying of underlined letter, will remains underlined of default size by pasting it in chatter 
65. Copying of strikethrough letter, will remains strikethrough of default size by pasting it in chatter box.
66. Before touching the share an update input box, if we suppose to click the share button. We cannot share our empty update.
67. If we try to share the empty update, it will make us to write things in the chatter box.
68. The chatterbox can hold more than 3,00,000 length, but it cannot be shared
69. But up-to 10,000 length is limited to share the content.
70. It will show 'Review the errors on this page.' beyond using 10,000 words
71. And also 'Review the errors on this page.' in the bottom.
72. Only 10 files can be added to the content.
73. We cannot find file attachment option beyond 10 files.
74. It will show validation while selecting files more than 10, during selection
75. The user can add pdf, MS word doc,jpg,png, Text document, Javascript file, Win zip file,pem, JSON, Putty private key and .md file
76. The user can share files with size of 500Mb, till I have checked.
77. Untill uploading, the user cannot find share button.
78. Uploading time will be increased by increasing the size of our files.
79. We can share a maximum 10 images, for a command
80. The user can remove the images using delete and backspace button just like texts.
81. While adding the image continuously, the old image goes down and newly added image comes first.
82. The user can add only jpg and png files.


